# tryhackme-notes by Guaragna Alessandro (early concepts 26/03/2026)
In this section I will talk about my basic concept of cybersecurity during High school about basic concepts and tryhackme notes.
I'm a 18 years old student, now i'm doing the 5 year of High school in my native city Chieri. I have nearly choose to open this Github account for my future career and to take notes for the basic concepts of Computer science and cybersecurity, a new subjet that i really think to do in Turin university. I have decided to choose this road because i like scientific subjects, science, digital world and pratical projects that are very in-demand rules in jobs and open me a lot of opportunities outside italy. I sign my idea that since seventeen i have the objective to job into a big economical center in Europe in a serious and international ambient that give me satisfaction and sense of importance for myself for the rule to being a senior and very competitive for the international world in Europe. My primary objective is Switzerland, a serious and international country next to Turin that can open me a lot of opportunities that there isn't in Italy and i will take a different road between my knowledge in the golden land of Europe for young new competitive workers. From the beginnins i think to study medicine, after i passed the idea for meccanichal or elettrical engineering and after i think about a degree that looks the necessities for the future and the things that will appassionate me, so i choose to do Computer science that i think is a very highly-demanded degree in 2026 and can like it. I have the capacities to thing in the long term and it was since 2024 that i questionated myself what i will do in future and i thinked that i don't wanna take the traditional way from many odiern students that i saw, i want to take a strong position and after a bit experience run to the outside international world after gived a competitive position in Turin. Turin is my starting point togheter with some good pratical capacities, skill languages and certificates that give me an extra gear for a serious international rule after a bit experience there in Turin.

